Add Kudosu stub (#3168)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Modding/Kudosu/en.md

# Kudosu

> Kudosu is a system of rewarding for [Modding](/wiki/Modding).

Reviewer: o yeah, and ofc. adding the correct todos on that new paragraph for discussion pages/profile pages

> **Kudosu** is a reward system for [Modding](/wiki/Modding). It awards points for successful modposts on beatmap discussion <!-- TODO: beatmap discussion stub -->pages. Accumulated points can be seen on a user's profile-page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Kudosu** is a reward system for [Modding](/wiki/Modding). It awards points for successful mod posts on [beatmap discussions](/wiki/Beatmap_Discussion). Accumulated points can be seen on a user's profile page.
```

> In Modding v1 <!-- TODO: modding v1 stub -->, Kudosu was exchangeable for Star Priority. <!-- TODO: Star Priority stub? -->

Reviewer 2: should be referred to as "forum modding" or something equivalent, "Modding v1" was never a name for it

> In Modding v1 <!-- TODO: modding v1 stub -->, Kudosu was exchangeable for Star Priority. <!-- TODO: Star Priority stub? -->

Reviewer 2: kudosu and star priority aren't proper nouns, star priority can link to `/wiki/Glossary#star-priority` (you could keep the TODO comment if you want a reminder to go back and replace this)

Reviewer: Additionally, I think it might be a good idea to use one big TODO comment at the bottom of an article listing potential links instead. The way you organize it currently makes it a bit messy. Something like:

> TODO: Add links beatmap discussion, forum discussion, star priority, etc
